DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-9842 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2893)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== Returning an empty string in a custom context menu update function resulted in a small white line appearing on right-click and the browser-native context menu would not present
// TINY-9842

> In the previous version of {product name}, an issue was identified when the integrator had set multiple context menus that returned empty strings.
> 
> As a consequence, when the user executed a right-button mouse "click", on a text element, no context menu would pop up. This not only included any {product name} context menus but also any native browser menus, which should normally appear in this scenario.
> 
> In {product name} 6.7, we have addressed this problem by improving the handling of multiple empty strings in the context menu logic.
> 
> As a result of this fix, the native context menu now pops up as it should when right-clicking on text element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding `browser_spellcheck: true` to a configuration tells {productname} to use the host browser’s native context menu for spell-checking.

When this was set at the same time as multiple custom plugins were added to the `contextmenu` configuration, the browser-native context menu did not present as expected when invoked.

Instead a short white line appeared.

{productname} 6.7 addresses this by improving the handling of multiple empty strings in its context menu logic.

Consequent to this improved handling, the browser-native context menu now presents as expected when invoked.
```
Suggested edit.
